
What would you do differently?
- I want to say there are actually not that much I would do differently for this project. After project 1 I got more comfortable with using GitHUb and after homework practises, I felt more comfortable fitting different models and conduct EDA as well. The only thing I would do differently is to make sure the personal access token doesn't expire so quickly. I don't remember why I set up the time so short, so I failed to make any pushes after it expired. Fortunately, I had this fixed on time.


what was the most difficult part for you?
- I think the most difficult part was the automation, my first thought was to create six different datasets and then select each one to make the automation work. To push one Rmd file and let it generate six md files by itself sounds really challenging. But after I check the notes from topic 2 and some searching online, I was able to solve this problem. Another difficult part for me was selecting parameters for the boosted tree model. It seems like there are no specific rules on how to select the best ones, so I did several tries and use the one with better result. 

What are your big take-aways from this project?
- My biggest take-away from this project is learning how useful GitHub can be when working with others. I was initially confused about how git pull update other works on my markdown file locally, but once I realised how it works, it amazed me. I'm also more confident in fitting different models to make predictions. 

[Link to GitHub Project Page](https://maxwell-marion.github.io/project2-558/) \
[Link to GitHub Project Repo](https://github.com/maxwell-marion/project2-558)
