
What I did in the project?
- For this project, I created a vignette for reading and summarizing data from the COVID API. I investigated and wrote functions for six endpoints for the Covid counties API. I also wrote a wrapper function that allowed users to customize their query to return specific country data. I used these functions to get data from Canada and Australia and performed a basic exploratory data analysis on them. I combined two data and created two new categorical variables: season and deaths count; I also created contingency tables for qualitative variables and numerical summaries for quantitative variables at each setting of some categorical variables. Lastly, I created some basic plots like bar plot, histogram, box plot, scatter plot and density plot. 

What are some interesting findings?
- I didn’t know about these two countries’ conditions during the pandemic, so it was interesting to learn from this project. I thought fall and winter should be the worse season since viruses last longer in cold weather, but it happened to be more confirmed cases in winter and spring. I also didn’t realize Canada had a huge break out in 2021. 

Reflect on the process:

What was the most difficult part of the logic and programming for you?
- I have struggled with several difficult parts. I struggled with writing function that allows the user to customize their query to return specific data. The wrapper function is very useful in solving this problem. Another difficult part is after I created the season variable and tried to create a contingency table from it, the result turned out to be meaningless because the data is daily records, so two countries turned out to have the same counts in each season. The most difficult part was making Github work, I first had trouble with the render function to make the plots print out, and then after my third commit, after I made some changes in one of the code chunks, I failed to push my .md file to Github. I think both programming functions and using Github are difficult for me. I hope this will get better after more practice. 

What would I do differently in approaching a similar project in the future?
- I would spend more time exploring different API and endpoints. I would also spend more on the data and carefully analyze variables to understand each variable better. I would definitely start the project early, so if I have any problems, I can go to the office hours to ask questions and discuss with my classmates. 

[Link to GitHub Project Page](https://xinceciliaw.github.io/project-1/) \
[Link to GitHub Project Repo](https://github.com/xinceciliaw/project-1) \
[Link to GitHub Main Repo](https://github.com/xinceciliaw/xinceciliaw.github.io)


